my faverite story about faith. Nephi is commanded by God and Father Lehi to 
go back to Jerusalem with his brothers. in Jerusalem is King Laban he has 
the plates. to recover them The Sons of Lehi drew straws Laman drew the 
shot straw so he had to go pay Laban a visit. Laman talked to Laban and 
asked Laban for the plates. Laban is his drunken manner took a swig of wine 
and shouted "You Are A Robber GET OUT! GUARDS!" Laman ran for his life to 
the cave his brothers were hiding in. when Plan A would not work they went 
to Plan B which was to give Laban all their gold. this backfired Laban 
stole their gold and sent his guards after them. then on the final attempt 
and after God sent an angel to talk to Laman and Lemuel Nephi went back to 
Jerusalem. as Nephi approached Laban's house he found him on the steps 
drunk and passed out. the spirit commanded Nephi to kill Laban and after 
hesitating Nephi beheaded Laban and stole is cloths. Nephi then went to 
Zoram's house which was also the treasury and Zoram got him the plates. 
Zoram believed Nephi was Laban until he took off his disguise. Zoram ran 
and Nephi had to stop him Nephi told Zoram if he wanted freedom he should 
come with them to Father Lehi and God will promise him a healthy family 
when they reach America and he would not have to be anyone's servant. Zoram 
went back with them and Father Lehi received the plates. with the plates in 
their hands Father Lehi and his family continued on to America.            ï»¿nephi wasn't being very smart when he brought all his riches to Laban, cmon 
nephi u knew that wouldn't work!!!these are really good story 